Receptionist: Alright... It looks like we have several rooms available. Would you care for a room with a balcony?

Mr. Abrams: A single room with no balcony will suit our needs just fine. I did notice on your website that you have a pool and an exercise room. Are these facilities available for all hotel guests?

Receptionist: Yes, all hotel guests are allowed access to those facilities. The hotel stay also includes breakfast. We have a restaurant on-site that also serves lunch and dinner, but those meals are not included in your lodging fee.

Mr. Abrams: Okay, that’s fine. What time are both check-in and check-out?

Receptionist: Check-in for you on Friday can be any time after 3:00 p.m. Check-out will be on Sunday before noon.

Mr. Abrams: Sounds great!

Receptionist: I am glad that I could help you today. Is there anything else that you need at this point in time?

Mr. Abrams: Would you like my credit card information now, or can I take care of that upon my arrival to the hotel’s reception desk?

Receptionist: We can handle payment upon your arrival on Friday. We look forward to seeing you then!

Mr. Abrams: Thank you! I look forward to my stay.

Receptionist: Enjoy the rest of your week!
Jobs and Professions

As has been the case for many years, jobs, or forms of employment wherein employees perform a service or duty in exchange for financial compensation, play a prominent role in society. Furthermore, all jobs—even those of seemingly little significance—are important, as they simply wouldn't exist if their specific responsibilities weren't of value to employers (companies or persons that pay others for their work), customers (individuals who pay money for a product or service), and the economy generally.

Teachers, or educational professionals tasked with helping students understand certain subjects and topics, are especially crucial today. In short, teachers help their students to become qualified for their future careers.

Doctors, or medical professionals who specialize in providing health-related assistance to patients, are some of the most respected individuals in America and the world. It's the responsibility of doctors to help those who feel less-than-stellar to determine the underlying 



