The drive to work takes about one hour. Going back home in the evening after work takes even longer, maybe around 70 minutes. Lately I’ve been thinking about trying to take the train to work instead of driving. That way, I could still listen to my music with headphones, and even read a novel at the same time.
Halloween

Halloween (also referred to as All Hollows' Eve) is a holiday that's celebrated in America on 31 October of each year, regardless of what day of the week this date falls on. Although it is rooted in religion, Halloween today is enjoyed mainly because of its decorations, costumes, candy, treats, and general excitement, and furthermore, it is enjoyed by most everyone.

Before Halloween, many individuals carve a design into an orange-colored pumpkin, or a solid, durable vegetable. Once a personally satisfying design is carved, a lit candle is typically put inside a pumpkin, thereby making it a Jack-O-Lantern. At night, this design lights up against the darkness.

Besides carving pumpkins, some celebrate Halloween by putting decorations up. Supernatural (referring in this case to non-natural creatures that're typically based in fiction) figures, including vampires, ghosts, werewolves, zombies, and more, generally account for most of these decorations. Bugs, spiders, cobwebs, gravestones, and anything else that can be considered creepy (or unusual and possibly scary) can also be found on Halloween, in decoration form.

Only some adults celebrate Halloween, and they generally do so by attending parties. Inversely, the vast majority of children dress in costume (Halloween costumes can be based upon anything, from the mentioned supernatural creatures to the stars of today's films) and walk from door to door in search of candy—a practice known as trick or treat—on Halloween. After knocking on a door (houses that participate in Halloween usually leave a light on), one says, "Trick or Treat" and a piece (or pieces!) of candy is given to him or her.

Hotel Reservation

Receptionist: Good afternoon! This is Capitol Hotels in Washington, D.C. How may I help you?

Mr. Abrams: Hi, I’d like to schedule a reservation for this upcoming weekend from Friday night until Sunday.

Receptionist: Sure! Let me check and see what rooms are available. Do you need a room with one bed or two?

Mr. Abrams: My wife and I will be visiting the city, but a room with one bed will be just fine.




