Fortunately, the London Eye, the city’s famous Ferris wheel, was open to the public. The London Eye is situated along the southern shores of the Thames River. This attraction stands 135 meters high. It is one of London’s most well-known spots for gaining aerial views of the city. Each capsule of the Ferris wheel can hold up to 25 passengers. When their capsule stopped at the top of the Ferris wheel, the women took spectacular panoramic photographs of the beautiful cityscape below.

The last place that Rita and Joanne visited was Buckingham Palace, the home of the Queen of England. The women were impressed by the palace’s incredible architecture and historical value. Both Rita and Joanne enjoyed watching the Queen’s guards outside the palace. These guards wore red tunic uniforms, shiny black boots, and bearskin hats. Despite the women’s attempts to catch the attention of the guards, the guards are specifically trained to avoid distractions. Because of this, the guards ignored the women completely.

Joanne and Rita had an amazing time visiting the city of London, and they are inspired to seek more international travel destinations in the future.
cLos Angeles

Stephanie recently took a weekend trip to Los Angeles, California. Los Angeles is a coastal city situated along the Pacific Ocean. Many celebrities earned their claim to fame here. Although the town offers many attractions centered around Hollywood culture, there is a lot to see and visit in Los Angeles.

Of course, all things related to Hollywood are popular tourist attractions. The Hollywood Sign, located the Hollywood Hills of the Santa Monica Mountains, is a famous landmark for this star-studded town. Once in downtown Hollywood, it’s possible to take a stroll along the Hollywood Walk of Fame. This landmark contains more than 2500 brass stars dedicated to celebrities who have made a significant impact on the entertainment industry. In Hollywood, visitors can even take tours of popular movie studios. Stephanie had a chance to visit Universal Studios, which produces her favorite films.

Los Angeles is also a popular beach town, offering plenty of opportunities for sunbathing and surfing. A common beach destination is the Santa Monica Pier, which offers rides and attractions to its visitors. Here, Stephanie rode the iconic Ferris wheel, which offered her a spectacular view of the city and coast.



